[CELEBIN]
;0x0438185F=Statue of Grumpiness
0x0438185F=Statue of Grumpiness

;0x079C4FB4=Al's Hangover for Hell
0x079C4FB4=Al's Hangover for Hell

;0x112E8A2D=Al Di Napoli - star of stage, screen, and drugs interventions around the country - has raised fresh doubts about his ability to perform on the Boulevard stage every night. We're not talking about the garbled lines or the stink of booze that goes all the way back to row F at the AmDram Theatre. No, police are wanting to question him after a Celebinator-reading cop recognised him as one of the suspects in a drugs bust. Big Al claims that he was in his hotel room all night and has several hookers to back up this story, but is still considered a suspect. Whoever's insuring Al's production of Legless better watch out. It's only a matter of time...
0x112E8A2D=Al Di Napoli - star of stage, screen, and drugs interventions around the country - has raised fresh doubts about his ability to perform on the Boulevard stage every night. We're not talking about the garbled lines or the stink of booze that goes all the way back to row F at the AmDram Theatre. No, police are wanting to question him after a Celebinator-reading cop recognised him as one of the suspects in a drugs bust. Big Al claims that he was in his hotel room all night and has several hookers to back up this story, but is still considered a suspect. Whoever's insuring Al's production of Legless better watch out. It's only a matter of time...

;0x173A0BE0=FYI - I'm not writing this as the Celebinator, but a mere human being. I’ve got all this power and it should be wielded with responsibility. With that in mind, Gay Tony Prince is the first / only guy we're apologizing to. We got to know him and his charming partner, Luis Lopez, when we shared a bottle of vintage Bleutr'd on a helicopter tour of the city. We talked about summer parties in the Carraways and winters in Vice - we clicked. That stuff we said before was stupid. Maisonette and Hercules are still the two hottest clubs in the town, and the guys who run it are awesome!
0x173A0BE0=FYI - I'm not writing this as the Celebinator, but a mere human being. I’ve got all this power and it should be wielded with responsibility. With that in mind, Gay Tony Prince is the first / only guy we're apologizing to. We got to know him and his charming partner, Luis Lopez, when we shared a bottle of vintage Bleutr'd on a helicopter tour of the city. We talked about summer parties in the Carraways and winters in Vice - we clicked. That stuff we said before was stupid. Maisonette and Hercules are still the two hottest clubs in the town, and the guys who run it are awesome!

;0x179EE7E7=Whoop! Whoop! After a brief closure by the city on health and safety grounds - boring people - Tony Queen's two nightclubs have reopened. Yay! EVERYONE is going to be at the opening gala including moi! It's going to be proper fabulous! I'd write about it for you, but I'll probably be too gone on Bleutr'd too type, and too surrounded by fabulous people to be able to single one out. Jealous much??? Welcome back, Tony. Kiss kiss. I love you!
0x179EE7E7=Whoop! Whoop! After a brief closure by the city on health and safety grounds - boring people - Tony Queen's two nightclubs have reopened. Yay! EVERYONE is going to be at the opening gala including moi! It's going to be proper fabulous! I'd write about it for you, but I'll probably be too gone on Bleutr'd too type, and too surrounded by fabulous people to be able to single one out. Jealous much??? Welcome back, Tony. Kiss kiss. I love you!

;0x22FDB70C=In other Maisonette 9 news, Poppy Mitchell was thought to be engaged in group sex in the VIP room! Poppy Mitchell! And we thought she was a nice girl? We wish we'd been there to see it / film it / join in / all of the above. Sadly we weren't and the paps were too soggy to get some good photo journalism for us. :( Anyway, we love your newest RomCom Poppy, we don't care if you're a cum guzzling slut queen.) xxx
0x22FDB70C=In other Maisonette 9 news, Poppy Mitchell was thought to be engaged in group sex in the VIP room! Poppy Mitchell! And we thought she was a nice girl? We wish we'd been there to see it / film it / join in / all of the above. Sadly we weren't and the paps were too soggy to get some good photo journalism for us. :( Anyway, we love your newest RomCom Poppy, we don't care if you're a cum guzzling slut queen.) xxx

;0x2DF8B3E9=Party For Two
0x2DF8B3E9=Party For Two

;0x34BBDA88=Some paparazzi got a nasty surprise outside Maisonette 9 the other night as a rogue fire truck accidentally sprayed them with their hose. I know some people who'd kill to have a fireman turn his hose on them, but these paps aren't so happy. Several of them are getting together to launch a class action suit against the LCFD. Keeping the paps' cameras working is a hell of a lot more important that the firemen's pension plans so I say go for it. Who ever saw an old fireman anyway?
0x34BBDA88=Some paparazzi got a nasty surprise outside Maisonette 9 the other night as a rogue fire truck accidentally sprayed them with their hose. I know some people who'd kill to have a fireman turn his hose on them, but these paps aren't so happy. Several of them are getting together to launch a class action suit against the LCFD. Keeping the paps' cameras working is a hell of a lot more important that the firemen's pension plans so I say go for it. Who ever saw an old fireman anyway?

;0x36B130E8=The Party Continues
0x36B130E8=The Party Continues

;0x394C5CE9=Tiny tweeny pop sensations the the Brothers Blue set mouths wagging after a fan accused them of date rape. No one has been able to get the truth since their meany publicist told them to keep schtum. Well, one of our spies managed to corner Bill and Bobby at a party and we've got the low down! You heard it here first, the kind souls only gave her a sedative to calm her down. "She was freaking out having a panic attack so we slipped her one to chill her out. We thought she might die." Good thing you had those roofies on you boys, you can sedate us whenever you like!
0x394C5CE9=Tiny tweeny pop sensations the the Brothers Blue set mouths wagging after a fan accused them of date rape. No one has been able to get the truth since their meany publicist told them to keep schtum. Well, one of our spies managed to corner Bill and Bobby at a party and we've got the low down! You heard it here first, the kind souls only gave her a sedative to calm her down. "She was freaking out having a panic attack so we slipped her one to chill her out. We thought she might die." Good thing you had those roofies on you boys, you can sedate us whenever you like!

;0x417E2DAC=It's a Rap for Clay
0x417E2DAC=It's a Rap for Clay

;0x5EF35332=Tony Queen and his rent boy princess, Luis Lopez, are at it again. Apart from being the least convincing non-couple since two men spit-roasted an albino cheetah in Las Venturas, Queeny and Queenier insist on telling half the few desperate shlobs who bother to try to go to the now irrelevant Maisonette to take a hike. Get over yourselves! Hello sweeties, no one is interested in coming in there to watch you lap dance each other anyway.
0x5EF35332=Tony Queen and his rent boy princess, Luis Lopez, are at it again. Apart from being the least convincing non-couple since two men spit-roasted an albino cheetah in Las Venturas, Queeny and Queenier insist on telling half the few desperate shlobs who bother to try to go to the now irrelevant Maisonette to take a hike. Get over yourselves! Hello sweeties, no one is interested in coming in there to watch you lap dance each other anyway.

;0x698395CE=Clay 'The Pain Giver' Jackson was spotted out with a mystery blond last night. No, not Poppy Mitchell or Cloe Parker. Contrary to what Mr. Jackson would have us believe in his raps, this date was less ho and more homo. His new album of ballads LOVE ISN'T A CRIME comes out soon. Being gay isn't a crime either, Clay, so get on out of that closet, amigo! And stop going to Hercules! Closet case or not, that place SUCK, SUCK, SUCKS!
0x698395CE=Clay 'The Pain Giver' Jackson was spotted out with a mystery blond last night. No, not Poppy Mitchell or Cloe Parker. Contrary to what Mr. Jackson would have us believe in his raps, this date was less ho and more homo. His new album of ballads LOVE ISN'T A CRIME comes out soon. Being gay isn't a crime either, Clay, so get on out of that closet, amigo! And stop going to Hercules! Closet case or not, that place SUCK, SUCK, SUCKS!

;0x6E9D5F25=Teen Blues
0x6E9D5F25=Teen Blues

;0x7CB7ADC1=Tourists in Star Junction got a surprise earlier when they looked up to see aging action star Chris Hunt's flaccid member flashing across the Weazel News Mega-Screen. Our sources hear that an explicit video featuring him and British debutante Daisy Cash-Cooze was broadcast to passers-by before being leaked on the internet. It was like briefly time travelling back to the nineties when people actually went to see Chris Hunt movies. They're about as old as the dinosaurs, people. That oh so familiar sense of disappointment came back too, when we realised that the only thing you get to see is a hand job! Boo! I watch hand shandies every morning in my shower! Come on Chris, you're going to have to do better than that if you expect any of us to believe that you stand to attention for anyone other than your little Filipino house boy! P-lease!
0x7CB7ADC1=Tourists in Star Junction got a surprise earlier when they looked up to see aging action star Chris Hunt's flaccid member flashing across the Weazel News Mega-Screen. Our sources hear that an explicit video featuring him and British debutante Daisy Cash-Cooze was broadcast to passers-by before being leaked on the internet. It was like briefly time travelling back to the nineties when people actually went to see Chris Hunt movies. They're about as old as the dinosaurs, people. That oh so familiar sense of disappointment came back too, when we realised that the only thing you get to see is a hand job! Boo! I watch hand shandies every morning in my shower! Come on Chris, you're going to have to do better than that if you expect any of us to believe that you stand to attention for anyone other than your little Filipino house boy! P-lease!

;0x7FBB2AD0=Queen's Crown Slipping
0x7FBB2AD0=Queen's Crown Slipping

;0x80D7EDDD=Want to know the real reason Vinewood leading man Bruce Spade fired his agent? He couldn't book him a gig at the Civilisation Committee. A source close to El Spado says "Bruce has been reading a lot of pamphlets on international relations recently. He's got some really interesting theories he wants to share with luminaries from around the world and thought addressing the Citadel was the perfect way to do it." When his agent couldn't secure the appointment (normally reserved for world leaders) he threw a hissy fit and tore up their contract. Hopefully his next agent will be able to help him get that Peace Prize he's been eying for the awards cabinet.
0x80D7EDDD=Want to know the real reason Vinewood leading man Bruce Spade fired his agent? He couldn't book him a gig at the Civilisation Committee. A source close to El Spado says "Bruce has been reading a lot of pamphlets on international relations recently. He's got some really interesting theories he wants to share with luminaries from around the world and thought addressing the Citadel was the perfect way to do it." When his agent couldn't secure the appointment (normally reserved for world leaders) he threw a hissy fit and tore up their contract. Hopefully his next agent will be able to help him get that Peace Prize he's been eying for the awards cabinet.

;0x83956705=Rumor has it a member of the British Royal family has been taking time out from spending taxpayer money in the UK to come spend their money over here. After a few too many at a Middle Park East drinks party he over-shared with one of our secret informants - "I've had all the 18 to 25 year olds in London so I'm going to come over here until a new crop matures. Being next in line to the throne might allow you to quash tabloid kiss and tell stories, but not so much with the statutory rape allegations." Awww. It's a hard life, isn't it, petal?
0x83956705=Rumor has it a member of the British Royal family has been taking time out from spending taxpayer money in the UK to come spend their money over here. After a few too many at a Middle Park East drinks party he over-shared with one of our secret informants - "I've had all the 18 to 25 year olds in London so I'm going to come over here until a new crop matures. Being next in line to the throne might allow you to quash tabloid kiss and tell stories, but not so much with the statutory rape allegations." Awww. It's a hard life, isn't it, petal?

;0x8A478F77=Hey Mr. Celebinator, we're big fans of your site at the club, so it's kind of confusing when we read this spiteful shit. I'm sure you don't wanna offend us, so give us a call and we'll try to work it out.
0x8A478F77=Hey Mr. Celebinator, we're big fans of your site at the club, so it's kind of confusing when we read this spiteful shit. I'm sure you don't wanna offend us, so give us a call and we'll try to work it out.

;0x96626E7C=Prince Back on his Throne
0x96626E7C=Prince Back on his Throne

;0xB45D9D6F=Poppies, Pappies, and a wild night at Maisonette
0xB45D9D6F=Poppies, Pappies, and a wild night at Maisonette

;0xBFEB4F91=Once legendary night club Mr. Big, Gay Tony is losing his touch. Rumors persist he's too wrapped up in his rent boy, Luis Lopez, to worry about running a decent club any more. Tony, who was a big star before the internet but has seen his popularity begin to wane, really should try relaxing his notoriously strict door policy and letting people in. Now it seems Tony and Luis are too busy staring into each other's eyes to worry about the fact their drinks are overpriced, their music is lame and even worse, the cool people simply don't go to their shitty clubs anymore. Bye bye!
0xBFEB4F91=Once legendary night club Mr. Big, Gay Tony is losing his touch. Rumors persist he's too wrapped up in his rent boy, Luis Lopez, to worry about running a decent club any more. Tony, who was a big star before the internet but has seen his popularity begin to wane, really should try relaxing his notoriously strict door policy and letting people in. Now it seems Tony and Luis are too busy staring into each other's eyes to worry about the fact their drinks are overpriced, their music is lame and even worse, the cool people simply don't go to their shitty clubs anymore. Bye bye!

;0xD729A905=Regal Airs
0xD729A905=Regal Airs

;0xD8CABB5B=Yummy but ohh so skinny Brit, Charlotte Crown is fighting back against people who say she is anorexic. We saw her out last night and she said "I just love food. I am obsessed by food. Seriously. When I get older and have kids, I'm definitely going to write a cook book. All my favorite recipes. I love eating. I ate 3 shepherd's pies today and lots of crisps and fish and chips and all these scrummy English things, because I'm really proud of being English, even though I have to live in Los Santos now. I'm definitely not anorexic. It's ridiculous. I'm just really lucky." You go girl! And don't forget to start shaving soon. Ciao!
0xD8CABB5B=Yummy but ohh so skinny Brit, Charlotte Crown is fighting back against people who say she is anorexic. We saw her out last night and she said "I just love food. I am obsessed by food. Seriously. When I get older and have kids, I'm definitely going to write a cook book. All my favorite recipes. I love eating. I ate 3 shepherd's pies today and lots of crisps and fish and chips and all these scrummy English things, because I'm really proud of being English, even though I have to live in Los Santos now. I'm definitely not anorexic. It's ridiculous. I'm just really lucky." You go girl! And don't forget to start shaving soon. Ciao!

;0xE1301FD5=(note: I would never compromise this blog's credibility by accepting bribes. Tony, Luis and me really did vibe, and the clubs are f-ing fabulous. You'd be a doofus to think otherwise! Would people please stop bitching about my Silver Schafter as well! All kinds of public figures get free shit!
0xE1301FD5=(note: I would never compromise this blog's credibility by accepting bribes. Tony, Luis and me really did vibe, and the clubs are f-ing fabulous. You'd be a doofus to think otherwise! Would people please stop bitching about my Silver Schafter as well! All kinds of public figures get free shit!

;0xE3103446=The Hunt is On
0xE3103446=The Hunt is On

;0xF06F6AEF=Ace of Spades
0xF06F6AEF=Ace of Spades

;0xFE429417=The other day I had the unfortunate experience of getting up-close and personal with the statue of Happiness. It's horrible! I could swear that disgusting strained smile on her face reminds me of someone, too. That's the face of a woman who needs some work done, or some action, or both! I mean, she is seriously living a lie, that one, and for what? She just stands there and does nothing! Reminds me of my mother. If I was married to that cold slab of stone I'd be off with any fat bird who'd take me. It's amazing that angry black heart of hers still beats in her chest.
0xFE429417=The other day I had the unfortunate experience of getting up-close and personal with the statue of Happiness. It's horrible! I could swear that disgusting strained smile on her face reminds me of someone, too. That's the face of a woman who needs some work done, or some action, or both! I mean, she is seriously living a lie, that one, and for what? She just stands there and does nothing! Reminds me of my mother. If I was married to that cold slab of stone I'd be off with any fat bird who'd take me. It's amazing that angry black heart of hers still beats in her chest.

;0xFF56429B=Wow! Crown Gains Carats!
0xFF56429B=Wow! Crown Gains Carats!

