[LBTR227]
;0x18261FB8=More than half a million dollars taken
0x18261FB8=More than half a million dollars taken

;0x68757A95=A raid on Bank of Liberty has ended in tragedy, police are hunting three suspects
0x68757A95=A raid on Bank of Liberty has ended in tragedy, police are hunting three suspects

;0x8AE9D32B=Heist Ends in Death Blood Shocker
0x8AE9D32B=Heist Ends in Death Blood Shocker

;0xA6D19384=Tony J Smith
0xA6D19384=Tony J Smith

;0xF3D9DE15=A daring raid on a downtown branch of the Bank of Liberty has left one robber dead along with multiple police and civilian casualties. The suspect has been identified as Michael Keane, a convicted felon from Dukes. Four men wearing suits and balaclavas entered the branch and held the customers hostage while blowing the door to the vault with explosives. In the confusion, brave customer Eugene Reaper attempted to stop the robbery and was murdered in cold blood. Three robbers left the bank on foot and fought their way through police before escaping on the subway. Authorities are questioning all known associates of Mr. Keane in an attempt to discover the identities of his accomplices. The Bank of Liberty estimates that in excess of half a million dollars was stolen.
0xF3D9DE15=A daring raid on a downtown branch of the Bank of Liberty has left one robber dead along with multiple police and civilian casualties. The suspect has been identified as Michael Keane, a convicted felon from Dukes. Four men wearing suits and balaclavas entered the branch and held the customers hostage while blowing the door to the vault with explosives. In the confusion, brave customer Eugene Reaper attempted to stop the robbery and was murdered in cold blood. Three robbers left the bank on foot and fought their way through police before escaping on the subway. Authorities are questioning all known associates of Mr. Keane in an attempt to discover the identities of his accomplices. The Bank of Liberty estimates that in excess of half a million dollars was stolen.

