[LBTR248]
;0x098B56E6=Tony J Smith
0x098B56E6=Tony J Smith

;0x1869CCD3=A homeless Vietnam veteran, Jerry Kapowitz, has stumbled upon a haul of diamonds valued at over $2 million. They were in a small pouch amongst the trash in Meadows Park. Mr. Kapowitz had been living near the dump and surviving off of things he salvaged from there. "Before this, the best thing I'd found was a TV and that didn't even work," he told reporters. Mr. Kapowitz plans to take his newfound wealth down to Vice City where he will start a gun shop and liquor store, "They're real men down there and they need real guns and liquor in one convenient location." Mr. Kapowitz's ownership of the diamonds was immediately contested by over 100 people. Mayor Ochoa decided that it would be impossible to verify the claims so allowed Mr. Kapowitz to keep all of the proceeds from the diamonds' sale.
0x1869CCD3=A homeless Vietnam veteran, Jerry Kapowitz, has stumbled upon a haul of diamonds valued at over $2 million. They were in a small pouch amongst the trash in Meadows Park. Mr. Kapowitz had been living near the dump and surviving off of things he salvaged from there. "Before this, the best thing I'd found was a TV and that didn't even work," he told reporters. Mr. Kapowitz plans to take his newfound wealth down to Vice City where he will start a gun shop and liquor store, "They're real men down there and they need real guns and liquor in one convenient location." Mr. Kapowitz's ownership of the diamonds was immediately contested by over 100 people. Mayor Ochoa decided that it would be impossible to verify the claims so allowed Mr. Kapowitz to keep all of the proceeds from the diamonds' sale.

;0x186FB69A=Finds diamonds sleeping rough
0x186FB69A=Finds diamonds sleeping rough

;0x45282CD7=Jon Gravelli cheated justice for the final time, passing away peacefully in his hospital bed
0x45282CD7=Jon Gravelli cheated justice for the final time, passing away peacefully in his hospital bed

;0x5F667E79=Mob Boss Dies Before Trial
0x5F667E79=Mob Boss Dies Before Trial

;0x6EE38546=Bum Hits The Jackpot
0x6EE38546=Bum Hits The Jackpot

;0x74693DD5=Mob Boss, Jon Gravelli, alleged head of the Gambetti crime family, died peacefully in his sleep last night. Mr. Gravelli, 85, had been residing at the Schottler Medical Center for the last 3 years. Although some in the DA's office argued that this was a ruse to avoid a court case, Mr. Gravelli never left hospital after being admitted. Mr. Gravelli has been head of the Gambetti crime syndicate since 1978 and under his stewardship, the family had become the most powerful of Liberty City's crime families, rivaling the Pavano family. Although he had been indicted several times, Mr. Gravelli was never convicted of a serious crime. Some believed he had contacts within the government who protected him, and for whom he would get criminal associates to perform hits and other crimes, but these allegations were never substantiated. What happens now to the delicate balance of power amongst criminal gangs within Liberty City is unknown. It is unlikely to be pretty.
0x74693DD5=Mob Boss, Jon Gravelli, alleged head of the Gambetti crime family, died peacefully in his sleep last night. Mr. Gravelli, 85, had been residing at the Schottler Medical Center for the last 3 years. Although some in the DA's office argued that this was a ruse to avoid a court case, Mr. Gravelli never left hospital after being admitted. Mr. Gravelli has been head of the Gambetti crime syndicate since 1978 and under his stewardship, the family had become the most powerful of Liberty City's crime families, rivaling the Pavano family. Although he had been indicted several times, Mr. Gravelli was never convicted of a serious crime. Some believed he had contacts within the government who protected him, and for whom he would get criminal associates to perform hits and other crimes, but these allegations were never substantiated. What happens now to the delicate balance of power amongst criminal gangs within Liberty City is unknown. It is unlikely to be pretty.

;0x78B2BE19=Russian Gangsters in Shootouts
0x78B2BE19=Russian Gangsters in Shootouts

;0xA1EDBA48=The Beginning or End of Mafiya Menace?
0xA1EDBA48=The Beginning or End of Mafiya Menace?

;0xA2C19C94=Tony J Smith
0xA2C19C94=Tony J Smith

;0xB139D40D=What will this mean for organized crime in LC?
0xB139D40D=What will this mean for organized crime in LC?

;0xD8EFD2CA=Authorities and pundits are looking for the meanings behind two gangland shootouts that broke out in the city. Several Russian gangsters thought to be involved in a major heroin deal were killed in Hove Beach. Shortly afterwards, a shootout broke out at Francis International Terminal, culminating in the crashing of a private jet belonging to controversial Russian business man Ray Bulgarin.
0xD8EFD2CA=Authorities and pundits are looking for the meanings behind two gangland shootouts that broke out in the city. Several Russian gangsters thought to be involved in a major heroin deal were killed in Hove Beach. Shortly afterwards, a shootout broke out at Francis International Terminal, culminating in the crashing of a private jet belonging to controversial Russian business man Ray Bulgarin.

;0xEB2F7715=Attempting to read the tea leaves, as it were, authorities are asking whether this spells a resurgence in violent organised crime in the city, or perhaps its death knell. Are the numbers of these Russian criminals sustainable or will this infighting mean that they eventually become extinct? We shall see, but we certainly like the metaphor. Makes us look Darwinian.
0xEB2F7715=Attempting to read the tea leaves, as it were, authorities are asking whether this spells a resurgence in violent organised crime in the city, or perhaps its death knell. Are the numbers of these Russian criminals sustainable or will this infighting mean that they eventually become extinct? We shall see, but we certainly like the metaphor. Makes us look Darwinian.

;0xF109EDB3=Staff Writer
0xF109EDB3=Staff Writer

