[PBLB248]
;0x0777BAE9=A young woman in Alderney City, who installed the Eunux open-source operating system on her home computer, has become the victim of an evil hate campaign. The Eunux community has taken the girl's attempts to infiltrate their little white boys' club as a personal attack on their inadequate masculinity and has thrown all their joint efforts into publicly bashing her on blogs and newsgroups. What gives a bunch of losers who spend their Saturday nights recompiling a kernel, fantasizing about sleeping with their mother and shuddering if a female brushes past them on the subway the right to take out their fear of women and lack of social skills on a 13-year-old girl? Are they afraid that she will disturb their circle jerk session? Since when was a penis a prerequisite for computer programming?
0x0777BAE9=A young woman in Alderney City, who installed the Eunux open-source operating system on her home computer, has become the victim of an evil hate campaign. The Eunux community has taken the girl's attempts to infiltrate their little white boys' club as a personal attack on their inadequate masculinity and has thrown all their joint efforts into publicly bashing her on blogs and newsgroups. What gives a bunch of losers who spend their Saturday nights recompiling a kernel, fantasizing about sleeping with their mother and shuddering if a female brushes past them on the subway the right to take out their fear of women and lack of social skills on a 13-year-old girl? Are they afraid that she will disturb their circle jerk session? Since when was a penis a prerequisite for computer programming?

;0x19741B3A=S. Fiona Scott
0x19741B3A=S. Fiona Scott

;0x3717894A=Hate Campaign Against Female Eunux User
0x3717894A=Hate Campaign Against Female Eunux User

;0xDBC0C709=A code of sexism?
0xDBC0C709=A code of sexism?

;0xF91B1E34=The worst part is that these young misogynists will soon be running the high-tech companies that continue to pay women 95% less than their male counterparts. The disgusting treatment of this poor girl at the hands of a group of pimple-faced teenagers who will never get laid is a microcosm of the phallocentric society in which American women are condemned to live. It is high time that Eunux woke up to the fact that a woman's interest in technology runs further than finding a cell phone that matches her shoes. You go girl. Fuck the patriarchy.
0xF91B1E34=The worst part is that these young misogynists will soon be running the high-tech companies that continue to pay women 95% less than their male counterparts. The disgusting treatment of this poor girl at the hands of a group of pimple-faced teenagers who will never get laid is a microcosm of the phallocentric society in which American women are condemned to live. It is high time that Eunux woke up to the fact that a woman's interest in technology runs further than finding a cell phone that matches her shoes. You go girl. Fuck the patriarchy.

